Grandma, why are you still calling her?
You think I don't know what she does in the company.
I have a granddaughter-in-law who cannot allow others to bully me.
I will definitely pierce her yellow face.
You can make blind comments.
I have never wanted to take a small risk since I came here.
If she really asked her to find out about the job,
I can't speak either. Yell.
Your heart is too kind. Grandma really saw the right person.
Hurry up, give grandma a grandson as soon as possible
Grandma is even happier
I can't get up from this matter
Could it be that you can't do it?
No one can do it
I just said why are you unwilling to get married?
Don't worry, little one
I will take good care of Yun Heng and give birth to a child.
Grandma, don't worry
It's okay for her. She will definitely hold her grandson.
Grandma is just waiting
This is the deputy’s price
I'll keep it for you from now on
There are also all the insurance and expensive keys to the deputy's home.
I ate so many keys
How much does it cost
In other words, after tens of billions of assets,
The whole deputy family is yours
What is this